Update Deployments TTL stacks page intro (#14840)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/pulumi-cloud/deployments/ttl.md

    identifier: pulumi-cloud-deployments-ttl
---

> Time-to-live (TTL) Stacks in enable the automated management of a stack's lifecycle by specifying a date and time after which the stack is automatically torn down. TTL stacks allow platform teams to control costs, improve security posture, and reduce operational overhead by ensuring temporary or ephemeral cloud resources (like development environments) are automatically de-provisioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time-to-live (TTL) Stacks enable automated management of a stack lifecycles by specifying a date and time after which the stack is automatically torn down. TTL stacks allow platform teams to control costs, improve security posture, and reduce operational overhead by ensuring temporary or ephemeral cloud resources (like development environments) are automatically de-provisioned.
```
